# 6070_CA-06
The purpose of this assignment is to perform customer segmentation using the K-Means clustering algorithm in order to better understand the different types of customers in a given dataset. The dataset used is 'Mall_Customers.csv'.

First, I performed exploratory data analysis (EDA) where I imported the necessary libraries (pandas, numpy, matplotlib, seaborn), loaded the dataset using pandas and displayed the first few rows, checked for missing values and handled them appropriately, and visualized the distribution of features using histograms or boxplots. Then, I prepared the data for clustering by performing any necessary feature scaling (StandardScaler or MinMaxScaler), chose the appropriate features for clustering ('Annual Income' and 'Spending Score'), and created a new DataFrame with only the selected features. I implemented k-means clustering by importing the KMeans class from the sklearn.cluster module, used the Silhouette Method to determine the optimal number of clusters, trained the KMeans model with the optimal number of clusters, and obtained the cluster assignments for each data point. I then visualized and analyzed the clusters by creating a scatter plot of the selected features colored by cluster assignment, and interpreted the clusters and provided a brief description of each cluster. I wrote a report summarizing my findings where I described the dataset and its attributes, detailed the steps taken for data preprocessing, feature selection, and scaling, explained the process of determining the optimal number of clusters, described the clusters and their characteristics, and discussed any insights or recommendations based on my analysis.

To view this assignment, download the 6070_CA-06.ipynb file and upload it to JupyterLab or GoogleColab. To upload the file, go to the file icon on either JupyterLab or GoogleColab and press the Upload arrow icon. Select the 6070_CA-06.ipynb file that you had previously downloaded and upload it. If on GoogleColab, go to the File tab to the right of the CO orange symbol, go to Open Notebook, go to Upload, and select the 6070_CA-06.ipynb file. If on JupyterLab, double click that file and see it pop up. Click either Run or Runtime and Run All Cells to run all of the code. Scroll from top to bottom to see how to run the Gauusina Naive Bias algorithm. I have embetted comments and explanations within the code so that it is more easily understood to the viewer.
